/*Problem 11. Programming Languages

Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages. How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?
Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt” at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.
*/

 The 5 most popular programming languages are:
    1.Java
Similar with C# :
Both of them are compiled to an intermediate language. The syntax is similar and libraries are too.

Differences with C#:
In Java all methods are virtual by default.
Java doesn't support events and delegates.
Java doesn't allow the creation of user-defined value types and doesn't have operator and conversion overloading.
    2. Python
Similar with C#:
The syntax is similar and libraries are too.
They are considered a fairly easy languages for beginners due to their readability and compact syntax.

Differences with C#:
Python is a product of Python Software Foundation and was realesed in 1991.
Python supports cross-platform operating systems.

3.C
Similar with C# :
It can be used across multiple web browsers and is considered essential for developing interactive or animated web functions.

Differences with C#:
The syntax between the two languages looks very different, presumably because Objective-C has its origins in C and C# has its origins in Java/C++.
Objective-C code is compiled to native machine code. C# code is compiled to CLR bytecode, which is JITed by the CLR virtual machine.
C# is useful if you want to do Microsoft.  Objective C is useful if you want to do Mac or iOS.

4.Ruby
Similar with C# :
Ruby is considered a fairly user-friendly language for beginners.
Ruby was designed to be simple and easy to write.

Differences with C#:
Ruby is availible under GPL license.
Ruby supports JVM.
Integrated development environment (IDE) availibale for Tuby is Jet Brain.

5.JavaScript
Similar with C# :
They are rich, user-friendly and provide a desktop-like experience within the browser.

Differences with C#:
JavaScript is a totally dynamic language. 
Javascript functions can be created and assigned to a variable, they're first class citizens in the language and have some more flexibility over the syntactical sugar that C# has applied.

